What are the maximum and minimum budget of the departments?
In which year were most departments established?
Which head's name has the substring 'Ha'? List the id and name.
How many farms are there?
Count the number of farms.
What is the total horses record for each farm, sorted ascending?
Give the average number of working horses on farms with more than 5000 total horses.
What are the maximum and minimum number of cows across all farms.
Return the maximum and minimum number of cows across all farms.
How many different statuses do cities have?
List official names of cities in descending order of population.
List the official name and status of the city with the largest population.
Please show the different statuses of cities and the average population of cities with each status.
What are the statuses and average populations of each city?
Please show the different statuses, ordered by the number of cities that have each.
Show the status shared by cities with population bigger than 1500 and smaller than 500.
Which statuses correspond to both cities that have a population over 1500 and cities that have a population lower than 500?
Find the official names of cities with population bigger than 1500 or smaller than 500.
What are the official names of cities that have population over 1500 or less than 500?
Show the census ranking of cities whose status are not "Village".
What are the census rankings of cities that do not have the status "Village"?
What are the names of stations that have latitude lower than 37.5?
What are the names of all stations with a latitude smaller than 37.5?
For each city, return the highest latitude among its stations.
For each city, what is the highest latitude for its stations?
What is the average latitude and longitude of stations located in San Jose city?
What is the id of the trip that has the shortest duration?
What is the total and maximum duration of trips with bike id 636?
What is the total and maximum duration for all trips with the bike id 636?
What is the number of distinct cities the stations are located at?
How many different cities have these stations?
How many stations does Mountain View city has?
What are the name, latitude, and city of the station with the lowest latitude?
What is the name, latitude, and city of the station that is located the furthest South?
List all the cities in a decreasing order of each city's stations' highest latitude.
What are the ids and durations of the trips with the top 3 durations?
For each start station id, what is its name, longitude and average duration of trips started there?
For each end station id, what is its name, latitude, and minimum duration for trips ended there?
Find the id for the trips that lasted at least as long as the average duration of trips in zip code 94103.
What are the ids of all trips that had a duration as long as the average trip duration in the zip code 94103?
How many books are there?
List the writers of the books in ascending alphabetical order.
List the titles of the books in ascending order of issues.
What are the titles of the books whose writer is not "Elaine Lee"?
What are the title and issues of the books?
What are the distinct publishers of publications with price higher than 5000000?
List the publisher of the publication with the highest price.
List the publication dates of publications with 3 lowest prices.
Show publishers that have more than one publication.
Show different publishers together with the number of publications they have.
Please show the most common publication date.
List the writers who have written more than one book.
Show the publishers that have publications with price higher than 10000000 and publications with price lower than 5000000.
What is the number of distinct publication dates?
How many distinct publication dates are there in our record?
Show the prices of publications whose publisher is either "Person" or "Wiley"
How many actors are there?
Count the number of actors.
List the name of actors in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the names of actors, ordered alphabetically?
What are the characters and duration of actors?
Return the characters and durations for each actor.
What are the characters of actors in descending order of age?
Return the characters for actors, ordered by age descending.
What is the duration of the oldest actor?
What are the names of musicals with nominee "Bob Fosse"?
Return the names of musicals who have the nominee Bob Fosse.
What are the distinct nominees of the musicals with the award that is not "Tony Award"?
Return the different nominees of musicals that have an award that is not the Tony Award.
Show different nominees and the number of musicals they have been nominated.
How many musicals has each nominee been nominated for?
Who is the nominee who has been nominated for the most musicals?
List the nominees that have been nominated more than two musicals.
Show the nominees that have nominated musicals for both "Tony Award" and "Drama Desk Award".
Show the musical nominee with award "Bob Fosse" or "Cleavant Derricks".
Find the number of tweets in record.
Find the number of users who posted some tweets.
Return the text of tweets about the topic 'intern'.
What are all the catalog entry names?
Find the list of attribute data types possessed by more than 3 attribute definitions.
What are the attribute data types with more than 3 attribute definitions?
Find all the catalog publishers whose name contains "Murray"
Which catalog publishers have substring "Murray" in their names?
What is the product with the highest height? Give me the catalog entry name.
Which catalog content has the highest height? Give me the catalog entry name.
Which catalog content has the smallest capacity? Return the catalog entry name.
What are the catalog entry names of the products with next entry ID above 8?
What are the names and distances for all airplanes?
How many students are there?
What is the total number of students?
How many students are 18 years old?
What is the last name of the youngest student?
Provide the last name of the youngest student.
What are the titles of all the albums?
What are the titles of all the albums alphabetically ascending?
What are the titles of all albums that start with A in alphabetical order?
How many customers live in Prague city?
How many customers live in the city of Prague?
How many customers in state of CA?
Find the number of employees whose title is IT Staff from each city?
How many editors are there?
List the names of editors in ascending order of age.
What are the names and ages of editors?
Show the names of editors of age either 24 or 25.
What are the different ages of editors? Show each age along with the number of editors of that age.
Please show the most common age of editors.
Show the distinct themes of journals.
List the names of editors that are not on any journal committee.
How many accounts do we have?
Count the number of accounts.
What are the account ids, customer ids, and account names for all the accounts?
Show all customer ids and the number of accounts for each customer.
How many accounts are there for each customer id?
Show the customer id and number of accounts with most accounts.
What is the customer id of the customer with the most accounts, and how many accounts does this person have?
How many customers do we have?
Count the number of customers.
What is the average and total transaction amount?
Return the average transaction amount, as well as the total amount of all transactions.
Show the transaction type and the number of transactions.
What are the different transaction types, and how many transactions of each have taken place?
Show the account id and the number of transactions for each account
How many tracks do we have?
Count the number of tracks.
How many races are there?
Count the number of races.
How many members have the black membership card?
Which membership card has more than 5 members?
How many members are not living in Hartford?
which shop has happy hour most frequently? List its id and number of happy hours.
What is the effective date of the claim that has the largest amount of total settlement?
How many kinds of enzymes are there?
What is the total count of enzymes?
List the name of enzymes in descending lexicographical order.
What are the names of enzymes in descending order?
What is the maximum Online Mendelian Inheritance in Man (OMIM) value of the enzymes?
What are the names of enzymes who does not produce 'Heme'?
Which enzyme names have the substring "ALA"?
What are the names of enzymes that include the string 'ALA'?
List all information regarding the basketball match.
What is all the information about the basketball match?
What are the chip model and screen mode of the phone with hardware model name "LG-P760"?
How many phone hardware models are produced by the company named "Nokia Corporation"?
Find the name of the company that has the least number of phone models. List the company name and the number of phone model produced by that company.
List the maximum, minimum and average number of used kb in screen mode.
Find the accreditation level that more than 3 phones use.
Find the details for all chip models.
Find the average ram mib size of the chip models that are never used by any phone.
How many countries are there in total?
Show the players and the years played.
Show all team names.
What are the names of all teams?
How many climbers are there?
Count the number of climbers.
List the names of climbers in descending order of points.
What are the names of the climbers, ordered by points descending?
List the names of climbers whose country is not Switzerland.
What are the names of climbers who are not from the country of Switzerland?
How many distinct countries are the climbers from?
Count the number of different countries that climbers are from.
What are the names of mountains in ascending alphabetical order?
Give the names of mountains in alphabetical order.
What are the countries of mountains with height bigger than 5000?
Return the countries of the mountains that have a height larger than 5000.
Return the name of the mountain with the greatest height.
List the distinct ranges of the mountains with the top 3 prominence.
What are the different ranges of the 3 mountains with the highest prominence?
Please show the countries and the number of climbers from each country.
How many climbers are from each country?
List the countries that have more than one mountain.
Which countries have more than one mountain?
Show the countries that have mountains with height more than 5600 stories and mountains with height less than 5200.
Show the range that has the most number of mountains.
Which range contains the most mountains?
Show the names of mountains with height more than 5000 or prominence more than 1000.
What are the names of mountains that have a height of over 5000 or a prominence of over 1000?
How many body builders are there?
List the total scores of body builders in ascending order.
List the snatch score and clean jerk score of body builders in ascending order of snatch score.
What is the average snatch score of body builders?
List each birth place along with the number of people from there.
What is the most common birth place of people?
What are the birth places that are shared by at least two people?
List the height and weight of people in descending order of height.
Show all information about each body builder.
List the names and origins of people who are not body builders.
How many elections are there?
List the votes of elections in descending order.
List the dates and vote percents of elections.
What are the minimum and maximum vote percents of elections?
What are the names and parties of representatives?
What is the party that has the largest number of representatives?
What parties have at least three representatives?
What states have at least two representatives?
Show the parties that have both representatives in New York state and representatives in Pennsylvania state.
How many distinct parties are there for representatives?
How many apartment bookings are there in total?
Count the total number of apartment bookings.
Give me the minimum and maximum bathroom count among all the apartments.
Return the date of birth for all the guests with gender code "Male".
Show the apartment type codes and the corresponding number of apartments sorted by the number of apartments in ascending order.
Return each apartment type code with the number of apartments having that apartment type, in ascending order of the number of apartments.
Show each gender code and the corresponding count of guests sorted by the count in descending order.
Sort the gender codes in descending order of their corresponding number of guests. Return both the gender codes and counts.
Which stadium name contains the substring "Bank"?
What is the average weight of all players?
How many performances are there?
What is the department name and corresponding building for the department with the greatest budget?
Given the titles of all courses, in order of titles and credits.
List the information of all instructors ordered by their salary in ascending order.
Give all information regarding instructors, in order of salary from least to greatest.
Find the name of the students who have more than one advisor?
What are the names of students who have more than one advisor?
Find the names of all instructors whose name includes the substring “dar”.
What are the names of all instructors with names that include "dar"?
List in alphabetic order the names of all distinct instructors.
List the distinct names of the instructors, ordered by name.
Find the salaries of all distinct instructors that are less than the largest salary.
What are the distinct salaries of all instructors who earned less than the maximum salary?
How many debates are there?
What are the date and venue of each debate?
Show the names of people aged either 35 or 36.
Show different parties of people along with the number of people in each party.
Show the party that has the most people.
Show the distinct venues of debates
Show the number of accounts.
How many accounts are there?
How many accounts does each customer have? List the number and customer id.
Count the number of accounts corresponding to each customer id.
Show the number of customers.
Count the number of customers.
Show the number of customers for each gender.
How many customers are there of each gender?
How many transaction does each account have? Show the number and account id.
What is the average, minimum, maximum, and total transaction amount?
Return the average, minimum, maximum, and total transaction amounts.
What are total transaction amounts for each transaction type?
Show the account id with most number of transactions.
Show the invoice number and the number of transactions for each invoice.
How many transactions correspond to each invoice number?
How many invoices do we have?
Count the number of invoices.
Show the order ids and the number of invoices for each order.
How many invoices correspond to each order id?
Show the order ids and the number of items in each order.
How many female people are older than 30 in our record?
How many artists do we have?
Count the number of artists.
Count the number of artists who are older than 46 and joined after 1990.
Count the number of exhibitions that happened in or after 2005.
How many exhibitions has each artist had?
List all information in the item table.
Find the number of reviews.
Find the average and maximum rating of all reviews.
Find the highest rank of all reviews.
List the titles of all items in alphabetic order .
How many players are there?
What are the gender and occupation of players?
Show different occupations along with the number of players in each occupation.
Please show the most common occupation of players.
Show the residences that have at least two players.
How many gymnasts are there?
Count the number of gymnasts.
List the total points of gymnasts in descending order.
What are the total points for all gymnasts, ordered by total points descending?
List the total points of gymnasts in descending order of floor exercise points.
What are the total points of gymnasts, ordered by their floor exercise points descending?
How many distinct hometowns did these people have?
Count the number of different hometowns of these people.
List all customers’ names in the alphabetical order.
What are the names of all the customers in alphabetical order?
How many main stream browsers whose market share is at least 5 exist?
List the name of browsers in descending order by market share.
List the ids, names and market shares of all browsers.
What is the maximum, minimum and average market share of the listed browsers?
Which accelerator name contains substring "Opera"?
Find the number of web accelerators used for each Operating system.
How many wrestlers are there?
Count the number of wrestlers.
List the names of wrestlers in descending order of days held.
What are the names of the wrestlers, ordered descending by days held?
What is the name of the wrestler with the fewest days held?
Return the name of the wrestler who had the lowest number of days held.
Give the different reigns of wrestlers who are not located in Tokyo, Japan.
Show the reign and days held of wrestlers.
What are the reigns and days held of all wrestlers?
What are the names of wrestlers days held less than 100?
Return the names of wrestlers with fewer than 100 days held.
Please show the most common reigns of wrestlers.
Which reign is the most common among wrestlers?
List each donator name and the amount of endowment in descending order of the amount of endowment.
How many buildings are there?
How many cinema do we have?
Count the number of cinemas.
How many phones are there?
List the names of phones in ascending order of price.
Show the names of phones with carrier either "Sprint" or "TMobile".
Show different carriers of phones together with the number of phones with each carrier.
Show the most frequently used carrier of the phones.
How many gas companies are there?
For each headquarter, what are the headquarter and how many companies are centered there?
How many gas station are opened between 2000 and 2005?
What is the total number of gas stations that opened between 2000 and 2005?
What is the name of the manager with the most gas stations that opened after 2000?
How many regions do we have?
Count the number of regions.
How many parties do we have?
What are the names of parties and their respective regions?
How many party events do we have?
Count the number of party events.
How many pilots are there?
What are the different nationalities of pilots? Show each nationality and the number of pilots of each nationality.
Show the most common nationality of pilots.
What are all role codes?
How many employees do we have?
List all document ids and receipt dates of documents.
how many female dependents are there?
How many technicians are there?
What is the number of technicians?
List the names of technicians in ascending order of age.
What are the names of the technicians by ascending order of age?
What are the team and starting year of technicians?
What is the team and starting year for each technician?
List the name of technicians whose team is not "NYY".
What is the name of the technician whose team is not 'NYY'?
Show the name of technicians aged either 36 or 37
What are the names of the technicians aged either 36 or 37?
Show different teams of technicians and the number of technicians in each team.
For each team, how many technicians are there?
Please show the team that has the most number of technicians.
What are the teams with the most technicians?
Show the team that have at least two technicians.
What is the team with at least 2 technicians?
Show the starting years shared by technicians from team "CLE" and "CWS".
What are the starting years shared by the technicians from the team "CLE" or "CWS"?
How many entrepreneurs are there?
Count the number of entrepreneurs.
List the companies of entrepreneurs in descending order of money requested.
What are the companies of entrepreneurs, ordered descending by amount of money requested?
List the companies and the investors of entrepreneurs.
What are the companies and investors that correspond to each entrepreneur?
What is the average money requested by all entrepreneurs?
Return the average money requested across all entrepreneurs.
What are the investors of entrepreneurs and the corresponding number of entrepreneurs invested by each investor?
How many entrepreneurs correspond to each investor?
What is the investor that has invested in the most number of entrepreneurs?
Return the investor who have invested in the greatest number of entrepreneurs.
What are the investors that have invested in at least two entrepreneurs?
Return the investors who have invested in two or more entrepreneurs.
How many perpetrators are there?
What are the countries of perpetrators? Show each country and the corresponding number of perpetrators there.
What is the country that has the most perpetrators?
What are the countries that have at least two perpetrators?
report the total number of degrees granted between 1998 and 2002.
how many degrees were conferred between 1998 and 2002?
How many degrees were conferred in "San Jose State University" in 2000?
How many degrees were conferred at San Jose State University in 2000?
What are the degrees conferred in "San Francisco State University" in 2001.
What is the number of faculty at Long Beach State University in 2002?
How many faculty lines are there at San Francisco State University in 2004?
How many faculty members are at the university that gave the least number of degrees in 2001?
List all info about all people.
What is all the information about all people?
How many movies were made before 2000?
How many movies were made before 2000?
How many reviewers listed?
How many reviewers are there?
What is the title of the newest movie?
For directors who had more than one movie, return the titles and produced years of all movies directed by them.
What are the names of cities in ascending alphabetical order?
What are the percentage of hispanics in cities with the black percentage higher than 10?
Return the hispanic percentage for cities in which the black percentage is greater than 10.
List the names of the city with the top 5 white percentages.
What are the names of the five cities with the greatest proportion of white people?
How many rooms are there?
What is the total number of rooms available in this inn?
Find the number of rooms for each bed type.
What are the number of rooms for each bed type?
What is the average base price of rooms, for each bed type?
Which distinct source system code includes the substring 'en'?
How many parties are there?
How many regions do we have?
Count the number of regions.
Count the number of different affected regions.
How many counties are there in total?
Show the county name and population of all counties.
Show all the distinct districts for elections.
What are the distinct districts for elections?
What is the zip code the county named "Howard" is located in?
Show the delegate from district 1 in election.
Who is the delegate of district 1 in the elections?
Show the delegate and committee information of elections.
What are the delegate and committee information for each election record?
Show the lieutenant governor and comptroller from the democratic party.
Who are the lieutenant governor and comptroller from the democratic party?
Show all the information about election.
Return all the information for each election record.
Return the names of all counties sorted by county name in descending alphabetical order.
What are the 3 counties that have the smallest population? Give me the county names.
Show the name of the party that has at least two records.
Which party has two or more records?
How many journalists are there?
List the names of journalists in ascending order of years working.
What are the nationalities and ages of journalists?
What is the nationality of the journalist with the largest number of years working?
Show the different nationalities and the number of journalists of each nationality.
Show the most common nationality for journalists.
Which restaurants have highest rating? List the restaurant name and its rating.
Advisor 1121 has how many students?
Which Advisor has most of students? List advisor and the number of students.
Which major has least number of students? List the major and the number of students.
Which major has between 2 and 30 number of students? List major and the number of students.
How many different payment methods are there?
What are the last names of the author of the paper titled "Binders Unbound"?
Who is the author of the paper titled "Binders Unbound"? Give me the last name.
Which paper's title contains the word "Database"?
What is the first name of the author with last name "Ueno"?
Find the last name of the author with first name "Amal".
How many different last names do the actors and actresses have?
Count the number of different last names actors have.
What is the most popular first name of the actors?
Return the most common first name among all actors.
Which districts have at least two addresses?
Give the districts which have two or more addresses.
What is the phone number and postal code of the address 1031 Daugavpils Parkway?
Give the phone and postal code corresponding to the address '1031 Daugavpils Parkway'.
How many addresses are in the district of California?
Count the number of addressed in the California district.
How many customers have an active value of 1?
Count the number of customers who are active.
What are the title and rental rate of the film with the highest rental rate?
Which film actor (actress) starred the most films? List his or her first name, last name and actor id.
What is the total amount of all payments?
Return the sum of all payment amounts.
How many stores are there?
Count the number of stores.
Count the number of different film ratings.
What is the largest payment amount?
Return the amount of the largest payment.
How many bank branches are there?
Count the number of bank branches.
Find the number of different cities which banks are located at.
In how many different cities are banks located?
Find the number of different states which banks are located at.
In how many different states are banks located?
For each account type, find the average account balance of customers with credit score lower than 50.
What is the average account balance of customers with credit score below 50 for the different account types?
For each state, find the total account balance of customers whose credit score is above 100.
What is the total account balance for customers with a credit score of above 100 for the different states?
Find the total amount of loans provided by bank branches in the state of New York.
What is the total amount of money loaned by banks in New York state?
Find the average credit score of the customers who have some loan.
What is the average credit score for customers who have taken a loan?
Find the average credit score of the customers who do not have any loan.
What is the average credit score for customers who have never taken a loan?
Return all distinct detention type codes.
What is the gender of the teacher with last name "Medhurst"?
Find the maximum and minimum monthly rental for all student addresses.
Find the first names of teachers whose email address contains the word "man".
List all cities of addresses in alphabetical order.
Find the first names and last names of teachers in alphabetical order of last name.
Find all information about student addresses, and sort by monthly rental in descending order.
How many fault status codes are recorded in the fault log parts table?
How many trains have 'Express' in their names?
Find the number of trains starting from each origin.
Find the origins from which more than 1 train starts.
For each classroom with at least 2 classes, how many classes are offered?
Find the number of classes in each school.
How many classes exist for each school?
How many different classes are there?
How many unique classes are offered?
How many clubs are there?
List the distinct region of clubs in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the different regions of clubs in ascending alphabetical order?
List all club names in descending alphabetical order.
What are the names of all the clubs ordered in descending alphabetical order?
What is the most common competition type?
How many furniture components are there in total?
Return all the information for all employees without any department number.
What are all the employees without a department number?
What are the full names of employees who with in department 70 or 90?
display all the details from Employees table for those employees who was hired before 2002-06-21.
What is all the information about employees hired before June 21, 2002?
display those employees who joined after 7th September, 1987.
Which employees were hired after September 7th, 1987?
Provide the full names of employees earning more than the employee with id 163.
find the name of all departments that do actually have one or more employees assigned to them.
What are the ids for employees who do not work in departments with managers that have ids between 100 and 200?
What is the number of artists for each gender?
What are the languages that are used most often in songs?
List the id, color scheme, and name for all the photos.
List the camera lens names containing substring "Digital".
how many programs are there?
Count the number of programs.
find the number of different programs that are broadcast during night time.
How many distinct programs are broadcast at "Night" time?
What are the login names of the students with family name "Ward"?
Return the login names of the students whose family name is "Ward".
How many students have personal names that contain the word "son"?
Find the number of students who have the word "son" in their personal names.
List all the subject names.
List all the information about course authors and tutors in alphabetical order of the personal name.
Sort the information about course authors and tutors in alphabetical order of the personal name.
List the personal names and family names of all the students in alphabetical order of family name.
What are the personal names and family names of the students? Sort the result in alphabetical order of the family name.
Among all the claims, what is the amount claimed in the claim with the least amount settled? List both the settlement amount and claim amount.
What are all the distinct details of the customers?
How many settlements are there in total?
Count the total number of settlements made.
What is total amount claimed summed across all the claims?
How many ships are there?
What is the number of ships?
List the name of ships in ascending order of tonnage.
what are the names of the ships ordered by ascending tonnage?
List the name of ships whose nationality is not "United States".
Show the name of ships whose nationality is either United States or United Kingdom.
What is the name of the ship with the largest tonnage?
Show the names of companies in the banking or retailing industry?
Show the different headquarters and number of companies at each headquarter.
Show the headquarters that have both companies in banking industry and companies in oil and gas industry.
How many film are there?
Count the number of films.
List the distinct director of all films.
What are the different film Directors?
What is the average ticket sales gross in dollars of films?
List all countries of markets in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the countries for each market, ordered alphabetically?
List the studios of each film and the number of films produced by that studio.
How films are produced by each studio?
List the name of film studio that have the most number of films.
What is the name of teh studio that created the most films?
List the names of studios that have at least two films.
What are the names of studios that have made two or more films?
Show the studios that have produced films with director "Nicholas Meyer" and "Walter Hill".
Show the studios that have not produced films with director "Walter Hill".
How many employees do we have?
Find the number of employees we have.
Show the names of all the employees with role "HR".
Which employees have the role with code "HR"? Find their names.
What is the code of each role and the number of employees in each role?
Find the code of the role that have the most employees.
How many members does the club "Tennis Club" has?
Count the members of the club "Tennis Club".
Find the description of the club called "Tennis Club".
How many documents can one grant have at most? List the grant id and number.
For each grant id, how many documents does it have, and which one has the most?
List the research staff details, and order in ascending order.
How many tasks are there in total?
How many tasks are there?
What is the average age for all person?
What is the name of the person whose age is below 30?
How old is the average person for each job?
What are the names and job titles of every person ordered alphabetically by name?
Find the names of all person sorted in the descending order using age.
How many members are there?
List the names of members in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the names and countries of members?
Show the names of members whose country is "United States" or "Canada".
Show the different countries and the number of members from each.
Show the most common country across members.
Which countries have more than two members?
List all the document names which contains "CV".
How many companies are there?
Count the number of companies.
What are the names of companies whose headquarters are not "USA"?
Find the names of the companies whose headquarters are not located in "USA".
How many different industries are the companies in?
List the names of buildings in descending order of building height.
What are the names of buildings sorted in descending order of building height?
Please show the names of the buildings whose status is "on-hold", in ascending order of stories.
Find the names of the buildings in "on-hold" status, and sort them in ascending order of building stories.
Please show each industry and the corresponding number of companies in that industry.
Please show the industries of companies in descending order of the number of companies.
Sort all the industries in descending order of the count of companies in each industry
List the industry shared by the most companies.
Which industry has the most companies?
Show the industries shared by companies whose headquarters are "USA" and companies whose headquarters are "China".
Find the number of companies whose industry is "Banking" or "Conglomerate",
How many companies are in either "Banking" industry or "Conglomerate" industry?
Show the headquarters shared by more than two companies.
How many products are there?
Show the product type codes that have at least two products.
How many artworks are there?
List the name of artworks in ascending alphabetical order.
Show all distinct product categories along with the number of mailshots in each category.
Show the outcome code of mailshots along with the number of mailshots in each outcome code.
Give the product id for the product that was ordered most frequently.
How many aircrafts are there?
What is the number of aircraft?
List the description of all aircrafts.
What are the descriptions for the aircrafts?
What is the maximum and mininum number of transit passengers for all airports?
What are the name of pilots aged 25 or older?
List all pilot names in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the names of the pilots in alphabetical order?
List names of all pilot aged 30 or younger in descending alphabetical order.
List names of all pilot in descending order of age.
What are the names of all pilots listed by descending age?
Show all information on the airport that has the largest number of international passengers.
What is all the information on the airport with the largest number of international passengers?
How many schools are there?
Count the number of schools.
What are the enrollments of schools whose denomination is not "Catholic"?
List the enrollment for each school that does not have "Catholic" as denomination.
What are the teams of the players, sorted in ascending alphabetical order?
Find the team of each player and sort them in ascending alphabetical order.
Find the team of the player of the highest age.
List the teams of the players with the top 5 largest ages.
Please show different denominations and the corresponding number of schools.
For each denomination, return the denomination and the count of schools with that denomination.
Please show different denominations and the corresponding number of schools in descending order.
Order denominations in descending order of the count of schools with the denomination. Return each denomination with the count of schools.
Show the denomination shared by schools founded before 1890 and schools founded after 1900
What are the denominations used by both schools founded before 1890 and schools founded  after 1900?
Show the denomination shared by more than one school.
What are the denomination more than one school have?
What are the district names and city populations for all districts that between 200,000 and 2,000,000 residents?
Which district has the largest population?
What is the name of the district with the most residents?
Which district has the least area?
What is the name of the district with the smallest area?
Find the total population of the top 3 districts with the largest area.
What is the total number of residents for the districts with the 3 largest areas?
Find products with max page size as "A4" and pages per minute color smaller than 5.
Find products with max page size as "A4" or pages per minute color smaller than 5.
Find all the product whose name contains the word "Scanner".
What are all of the products whose name includes the substring "Scanner"?
Find the most prominent max page size among all the products.
Find the name of the products that are not using the most frequently-used max page size.
What is the total enrollment number of all colleges?
How many colleges in total?
How many different colleges are there?
What is the average training hours of all players?
Find the max, average and min training hours of all players.
What is average enrollment of colleges in the state FL?
List all information about college sorted by enrollment number in the ascending order.
What information do you have on colleges sorted by increasing enrollment numbers?
How many devices are there?
Count the number of devices.
List the carriers of devices in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the different carriers for devices, listed in alphabetical order?
What are the carriers of devices whose software platforms are not "Android"?
Return the device carriers that do not have Android as their software platform.
What is the average quantity of stocks?
Give the average quantity of stocks.
How many different software platforms are there for devices?
List the open date of open year of the shop named "Apple".
Please show different software platforms and the corresponding number of devices using each.
What are the different software platforms for devices, and how many devices have each?
Please show the software platforms of devices in descending order of the count.
What are the different software platforms for devices, ordered by frequency descending?
List the software platform shared by the greatest number of devices.
What is the software platform that is most common amongst all devices?
What is the order date of each booking?
What are the planned delivery date and actual delivery date for each booking?
What are the store names of drama workshop groups?
Show me the distinct payment method codes from the invoice record.
Show all payment method codes and the number of orders for each code.
List the distinct payment method codes with the number of orders made
What is the payment method code used by the most orders?
What are the different product names? What is the average product price for each of them?
For each distinct product name, show its average product price.
What are the product names with average product price smaller than 1000000?
Find the product names whose average product price is below 1000000.
How many distinct currency codes are there for all drama workshop groups?
Find the number of distinct currency codes used in drama workshop groups.
What is the marketing region code that has the most drama workshop groups?
How many bands are there?
Find the number of bands.
Find all the albums in 2012.
How many songs are there?
Count the number of songs.
What are all the instruments used?
What are the different instruments listed in the database?
What information is there on albums from 2010?
Select the names of all the products in the store.
What are the names of all products?
What are the minimum and maximum membership amounts for all branches that either opened in 2011 or are located in London?
Find the distinct number of president votes.
How many distinct president votes are recorded?
Report the distinct registration date and the election cycle.
What are the distinct registration dates and the election cycles?
Find the unit of measurement and product category code of product named "chervil".
How many events are there?
How many stadiums are there?
What is the name of the stadium which held the most events?
Find the names of stadiums which have never had any event.
Find the name of the swimmer who has the most records.
Find the name of the swimmer who has at least 2 records.
Find the names of the swimmers who have no record.
Find all details for each swimmer.
How many railways are there?
List the builders of railways in ascending alphabetical order.
What is the average age for all managers?
What are the names and arrival times of trains?
What is the name of the oldest manager?
Show different builders of railways, along with the corresponding number of railways using each builder.
Show the most common builder of railways.
Show the countries that have both managers of age above 50 and managers of age below 46.
Show the countries that have managers of age above 50 or below 46.
Show all distinct cities in the address record.
How many distinct complaint type codes are there in the database?
Count the number of different complaint type codes.
How many submissions are there?
Count the number of submissions.
List the authors of submissions in ascending order of scores.
What are the authors of submissions and their colleges?
For each submission, show the author and their affiliated college.
Which authors with submissions are from college "Florida" or "Temple"?
Show the date and venue of each workshop in ascending alphabetical order of the venue.
Sort the each workshop in alphabetical order of the venue. Return the date and venue of each workshop.
Show all investor details.
Show all distinct lot details.
Show the maximum amount of transaction.
Return the lot details and investor ids.
Show the transaction type code that occurs the fewest times.
Show the transaction type code that occurs the most frequently.
Show all distinct location names.
What are the distinct location names?
Find the address of the location named "UK Gallery".
Which location names contain the word "film"?
What are the distinct visit dates?
Find all the distinct visit dates.
Show first name for all students with major 600.
What are the first names for all students who are from the major numbered 600?
Show student ids who don't have any sports.
Show student ids who are female and play football.
Show all male student ids who don't play football.
Find the average order quantity per order.
Find the payment method that is used most frequently.
What are all the payment methods?
List all the distinct cities
How many artists are there?
Count the number of artists.
List the age of all music artists.
What are the ages of all music artists?
What is the average age of all artists?
Return the average age across all artists.
What are the famous titles of the artist "Triumfall"?
Return the famous titles of the artist called "Triumfall".
Give the distinct famous release dates for all artists.
Give the maximum and minimum weeks on top across all volumes.
Please list all songs in volumes in ascending alphabetical order.
What are the the songs in volumes, listed in ascending order?
Please list the age and famous title of artists in descending order of age.
What are the famous titles and ages of each artist, listed in descending order by age?
What is the famous release date of the artist with the oldest age?
Please show the categories of the music festivals and the count.
Return the number of music festivals of each category.
Please show the categories of the music festivals with count more than 1.
What are the categories of music festivals for which there have been more than 1 music festival?
What is the song in the volume with the maximum weeks on top?
Return the song in the volume that has spent the most weeks on top?
What is the issue date of the volume with the minimum weeks on top?
Return the issue date of the volume that has spent the fewest weeks on top.
How many roller coasters are there?
What are the speeds of the longest roller coaster?
What is the average speed of roller coasters?
Show the different statuses and the numbers of roller coasters for each status.
Please show the most common status of roller coasters.
List the status shared by more than two roller coaster.
Show the park of the roller coaster with the highest speed.
How many countries do not have an roller coaster longer than 3000?
What is the temperature of "Shanghai" city in January?
Which city has the lowest GDP? Please list the city name and its GDP.
What is the city with the smallest GDP? Return the city and its GDP.
Which city has the highest temperature in February?
Give me a list of cities whose temperature in March is lower than that in July or higher than that in Oct?
How many drivers are there?
How many drivers are from Hartford city or younger than 40?
Which of the airport names contains the word 'international'?
How many accounts do we have?
Count the number of accounts.
What are the ids and details of all accounts?
How many statements do we have?
Count the number of statements.
What are the ids and details of all statements?
Show the number of documents.
Count the number of documents.
Show the ids and names of all documents.
What are the ids and names for each of the documents?
What are the names and ids of documents that have the type code BK?
Count the number of documents with the type code BK that correspond to each product id.
What are the names and dates for documents corresponding to project that has the details 'Graph Database project'?
What is the id of the project with least number of documents?
Return the id of the project that has the fewest corresponding documents.
How many documents are there of each type?
What are the codes corresponding to document types for which there are less than 3 documents?
What are the details for statements with the details 'Private Project', and what are the names of the corresponding documents?
Show the number of projects.
How many projects are there?
List ids and details for all projects.
Return the ids and details corresponding to projects for which there are more than two documents.
How many documents have expenses?
What are the ids of documents which don't have expense budgets?
Return the ids of documents that do not have expenses.
Show ids for all documents in type CV without expense budgets.
What are the ids of documents with the type code CV that do not have expenses.
What are the ids of documents with letter 's' in the name with any expense budgets.
Give the ids of documents that have expenses and contain the letter s in their names.
How many documents do not have any expense?
Count the number of documents that do not have expenses.
Find the distinct names of all wines that have prices higher than some wines from John Anthony winery.
What are the distinct names of wines with prices higher than any wine from John Anthony winery.
Show the number of trains
How many vehicles exist?
List the first name middle name and last name of all staff.
How many staff have the first name Ludie?
What is the nickname of staff with first name as Janessa and last name as Sawayn?
How many staff in total?
List the first name and last name of all customers.
How many customers in total?
How many customers are there?
List all customer status codes and the number of customers having each status code.
For each customer status code, how many customers are classified that way?
Which customer status code has least number of customers?
Which last names are both used by customers and by staff?
What are the last names that are used by customers and staff?
How many faculty do we have?
What is the total number of faculty members?
Show the faculty id of each faculty member, along with the number of students he or she advises.
What are the faculty id and the number of students each faculty has?
Which faculty members advise two ore more students? Give me their faculty ids.
How many activities do we have?
Find the number of activities available.
Show all the activity names and the number of faculty involved in each activity.
How many faculty members participate in each activity? Return the activity names and the number of faculty members.
Which activity has the most faculty members participating in? Find the activity name.
How many airlines are there?
What is the total number of airlines?
What are the names of all airports whose elevation is between -50 and 50?
Find the number of airports whose name contain the word 'International'.
How many airports' names have the word Interanation in them?
Which order deals with the most items? Return the order id.
What are the names of the mills which are not located in 'Donceel'?
Which of the mill names contains the french word 'Moulin'?
How many book clubs are there?
Count the number of book clubs.
What is the average, maximum, and minimum budget for all movies before 2000.
